xWidthAvg: Add `subset` support for non-latin character sets (#177)
seek-oss/capsize: .changeset/pink-plants-develop.md

---
'@capsizecss/metrics': minor
'@capsizecss/unpack': minor
---

xWidthAvg: Add `subset` support for non-latin character sets

> Previously the `xWidthAvg` metric was calculated based on the character frequency as measured from English text only — meaning languages that use a different unicode subset range, e.g. Thai, the `xWidthAvg` metric would be incorrect.

Reviewer: Feel like 2 sentences here would be easier to read.
```suggestion
Previously the `xWidthAvg` metric was calculated based on the character frequency as measured from English text only.
This meant that languages that use a different unicode subset range, e.g. Thai, would have an incorrect `xWidthAvg` metric.
```

Author: Good shout. I might riff on that second sentence even more

Supporting Thai now enables adding support for other unicode ranges in the future.

> ### Whats changed?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What's changed?
```
